How I built this website

Initialising the project:
My goal is to build a website which I can host myself on a linode virtual machine.  I ahve a few other sidequests alongside this main aim. 
To learn typescript, to use docker, use a database, use a typescript test suit and finally to leanr some design 
patterns for building a website. I could probabl start from nothing and build something but this would require me to spend a lot of time watching tutorials about technology 
that I have not be exposed to before. 


Step one is to do basic plan of what I want, and what supprised me about this step was that I actually had a clear idea.

Oneliner: As a user I want to be able to send an email which is deliverd in 10 years time.

To aceive this I need:

- A website with a form where the user can enter their email, add a message and choose a delivery date
- A system to verify an email address
- A cron job which delivers emails on their due date

Pretty simple. I have built small projects which just sit on github collecting technical dust and this one could be the same.

But I want to add a contraint which will make this much harder. Maintain a standard of excellance for this project.

What does it mean to do it well?

- The UI has to be very good - maybe I should get a designer involved
- The structure of the code has to be excelent, it must be tested and secure and I need an experianced software engineer to say, 'Nice one Oli!'
- It needs to be used by real people, that I do not know; those poeple are the best judges of if it is actually excellent. That means I need a plan to get users.


Sequalize:

The starter pack recommended using sequalize. I have not found this particularly straight forward to manage my database.
I hve created a database and have been trying to connect my app to it for a while but sequalize does not want to connect, after too many youtube tutorials
and reading documentation, I have decided to use a less complex and less powerful tool, the basic postgres node packeage. Alto this is not following the path of excellance it will
be much fasetr to deploy and debug. note to self, always remember to double check which user is connecting to a database and which database you are using. I wasted a lot of time
connecting to different databases :(


Designing the user interface:
How to choose a design for the website color picker: https://coolors.co/image-picker